docs(cli): update cli guides with contexts (#462)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/registry/rhoas-cli-getting-started-registry/README.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
* You've installed the `rhoas` CLI. For more information, see {base-url}{rhoas-cli-installation-url}[_Installing and configuring the rhoas CLI_^].

[id="proc-creating-service-context_{context}"]

> == Creating a Service Context

Reviewer: It might be read as user needing to create context to make any operations where default context is already present. I think we need separate guide for the context on it's own. For service registry and kafka guides we should probably showcase:

- status command 
- generate-config command

Author: The registry and kafka guides will still have `context` references. Will that be okay?

$ rhoas service-registry create --name my-registry
----

> CLI uses service contexts to group service instances against which commands are executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CLI uses service contexts to group service instances against which commands are executed.
```

.Reviewing details of a {registry} instance
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas context status service-registry
----

This command shows that the {registry} instance is ready to use,
because the `Status` field is `ready`.

[NOTE]
====
If you have multiple {registry} instances,

> you can make the current context switch to a different instance by using the `rhoas context use-service-registry` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you can change the context to a different instance by using the `rhoas context use-service-registry` command.
```

For more information about any of the options, view the command help `rhoas service-registry rule -h`.
====

[id="proc-generating-registry-configs_{context}"]
== Generating configurations for Service Registry instance

[role="_abstract"]

> After creating a Service Registry instance, you can generate configurations to connect to the Service Registry instance from your applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating a Service Registry instance, you can generate a configuration file that your applications can use to connect to your Service Registry instance.
```

.Prerequisites

* You've created a Service Registry instance.
* The Service Registry instance is set in the current context.

> * User and org have quota for creating service accounts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your user account and org have quota for creating service accounts.
```

.Procedure

> . Generate configurations for the current service context

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Generate a configuration file for the current service context.
```

+
--

> This example generates a JSON file with configurations for the Service Registry instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example generates a JSON file with configurations for the Service Registry instance.
```

> [source,shell]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Generating a configuration file
[source,shell]
```

For more information about any of the options, view the command help `rhoas service-registry rule -h`.
====

[id="proc-generating-registry-configs_{context}"]
== Generating configurations for Service Registry instance

[role="_abstract"]
After creating a Service Registry instance, you can generate configurations to connect to the Service Registry instance from your applications.

.Prerequisites

* You've created a Service Registry instance.
* The Service Registry instance is set in the current context.
* User and org have quota for creating service accounts

.Procedure

. Generate configurations for the current service context
+
--
This example generates a JSON file with configurations for the Service Registry instance

[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas generate-config --type json
----
--

> . Configurations can be generated for specified service context using the name flag
> +
> --
> This example generates configurations for a context not set as current
> 
> [source,shell]
> ----
> $ rhoas generate-config --name my-context --type json
> ----
> 
> --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
